C2c cleanup (#3293)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/box-source.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-logo.svg')} alt="box-logo.svg" width="60" />

The Box API integration ingests events from the [Get Events API](https://developer.box.com/reference/get-events/). It securely stores the required authentication, scheduling, and state tracking information.

## Data collected

| Polling Interval | Data |
| :--- | :--- |
| 5 min |  [Events](https://developer.box.com/reference/get-events/) |

## Setup

### Vendor configuration

1. Login into the [Box Account](https://app.box.com/login).
2. Create and register a new app from the [App Console](https://app.box.com/developers/console). To register the App with Box follow [these](https://developer.box.com/guides/authentication/jwt/jwt-setup/#app-creation-steps) steps. Select **Server Authentication (with JWT) **as the authentication method. Note that use of a key pair requires  2-step verification to be enabled on Box.
3. Generate `public private key pair` as described in the following steps [Key Pair](https://developer.box.com/guides/authentication/jwt/jwt-setup/#public-and-private-key-pair) and download the JSON file.

> 4. Go to the `Configuration` and change `App Access Level` to `App + Enterprise Access` and enable `Manage Enterprise properties` in `Application Scopes` and save changes as shown below.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-source4.png')} alt="Box" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} /> <br/><br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-source5.png')} alt="Box" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} /> <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-source6.png')} alt="Box" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the **Configuration** and change **App Access Level** to **App + Enterprise Access** and enable **Manage Enterprise properties** in **Application Scopes** and save changes as shown below.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-source4.png')} alt="Box" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} /> <br/><br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-source5.png')} alt="Box" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} /> <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/box-source6.png')} alt="Box" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} />
```

> 5. Authorize your app by following these steps [Authorize](https://developer.box.com/guides/authentication/jwt/jwt-setup/#app-authorization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Authorize your app by following the steps in [App Authorization](https://developer.box.com/guides/authentication/jwt/jwt-setup/#app-authorization).
```

  }
}
```

> ### Terraform example

Reviewer: There is no Terraform example.
